README.md, before:

# Chocolatey Packages (piraces)
[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/m7a34nbp1de95rlb?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/piraces/chocolatey-packages)


This repository contains packages that are maintained by piraces (automatically and manually).

**Based on the awesome template of [chocolatey-community](https://github.com/chocolatey-community) ([template link](https://github.com/chocolatey-community/chocolatey-packages-template)).** 

# List of packages

- [duf](https://github.com/muesli/duf): Disk Usage/Free Utility (Linux, BSD, macOS & Windows).
- [Azure Bicep](https://github.com/Azure/bicep): Compiles bicep (DSL for deploying Azure resources declaratively) files into ARM templates. Cross-platform.
- [Ticker](https://github.com/achannarasappa/ticker): Terminal stock watcher and stock position tracker.
- [Bisq](https://bisq.network/): Decentralized bitcoin trading network: trade bitcoin for fiat or other cryptocurrencies. Private by default, secure by design, and free as in freedom.
- [grex](https://github.com/pemistahl/grex): A command-line tool and library for generating regular expressions from user-provided test cases.

# Reports in gists

- [Automatic updates gist (Update-AUPackages)](https://gist.github.com/piraces/934662dc159cbb8aa7dade125b15588f)
- [Test Report gist](https://gist.github.com/piraces/aac3f2a9736693efde1d0e7dfd10ce37)

# Contributions

Contributions are accepted and very appreciated 😀

Commit message:

Add dive and update GH token

README.md, after:

# Chocolatey Packages (piraces)
[![Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/m7a34nbp1de95rlb?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/piraces/chocolatey-packages)


This repository contains packages that are maintained by piraces (automatically and manually).

**Based on the awesome template of [chocolatey-community](https://github.com/chocolatey-community) ([template link](https://github.com/chocolatey-community/chocolatey-packages-template)).** 

# List of packages

- [duf](https://github.com/muesli/duf): Disk Usage/Free Utility (Linux, BSD, macOS & Windows).
- [Azure Bicep](https://github.com/Azure/bicep): Compiles bicep (DSL for deploying Azure resources declaratively) files into ARM templates. Cross-platform.
- [Ticker](https://github.com/achannarasappa/ticker): Terminal stock watcher and stock position tracker.
- [Bisq](https://bisq.network/): Decentralized bitcoin trading network: trade bitcoin for fiat or other cryptocurrencies. Private by default, secure by design, and free as in freedom.
- [grex](https://github.com/pemistahl/grex): A command-line tool and library for generating regular expressions from user-provided test cases.
- [dive](https://github.com/wagoodman/dive): A tool for exploring a docker image, layer contents, and discovering ways to shrink the size of your Docker/OCI image.

# Reports in gists

- [Automatic updates gist (Update-AUPackages)](https://gist.github.com/piraces/934662dc159cbb8aa7dade125b15588f)
- [Test Report gist](https://gist.github.com/piraces/aac3f2a9736693efde1d0e7dfd10ce37)

# Contributions

Contributions are accepted and very appreciated 😀
